=== INPUT ===
How many stores are in each city in each country?

=== OUTPUT ===

=== QUERY PLAN ===
To answer this question, I need to retrieve the number of stores in each city in each country from the database.

```
data = executor.get_from_database("SELECT c.country, m.city, COUNT(fu.id) AS num_stores FROM default.Country c JOIN default.Muni m ON c.id = m.countryId JOIN default.FranchiseUnit fu ON m.id = fu.addressId GROUP BY c.country, m.city")
if len(data) == 0:
  executor.output('No store locations found')
else:
  for row in data:
    executor.output(f'In {row["city"]}, {row["country"]}, there are {row["num_stores"]} stores.')
```
=== EXECUTION RESULT ===
In Bhavnagar, India, there are 4 stores.
In Cuauhtmoc, Mexico, there are 1 stores.
In al-Ayn, United Arab Emirates, there are 2 stores.
In Berhampore (Baharampur), India, there are 3 stores.
In Allappuzha (Alleppey), India, there are 1 stores.
In Avellaneda, Argentina, there are 2 stores.
In Benguela, Angola, there are 2 stores.
In Asuncin, Paraguay, there are 2 stores.
In Aparecida de Goinia, Brazil, there are 4 stores.
In Cabuyao, Philippines, there are 2 stores.
In Changhwa, Taiwan, there are 3 stores.
In Buenaventura, Colombia, there are 2 stores.
In Cayenne, French Guiana, there are 1 stores.
In Ashqelon, Israel, there are 6 stores.
In Baha Blanca, Argentina, there are 1 stores.
In Amroha, India, there are 3 stores.
In Araatuba, Brazil, there are 4 stores.
In Anpolis, Brazil, there are 4 stores.
In Bchar, Algeria, there are 3 stores.
In Celaya, Mexico, there are 3 stores.
In Bat Yam, Israel, there are 2 stores.
In al-Qatif, Saudi Arabia, there are 2 stores.
In Chandrapur, India, there are 1 stores.
In Abha, Saudi Arabia, there are 2 stores.
In Boa Vista, Brazil, there are 1 stores.
In Addis Abeba, Ethiopia, there are 2 stores.
In Cuernavaca, Mexico, there are 2 stores.
In Czestochowa, Poland, there are 2 stores.
In Brest, France, there are 1 stores.
In Botosani, Romania, there are 1 stores.
In Batna, Algeria, there are 2 stores.
In Ambattur, India, there are 2 stores.
In Augusta-Richmond County, United States, there are 2 stores.
In Bradford, United Kingdom, there are 1 stores.
In Bern, Switzerland, there are 1 stores.
In Cianjur, Indonesia, there are 1 stores.
In Coquimbo, Chile, there are 1 stores.
In Cheju, South Korea, there are 1 stores.
In Dallas, United States, there are 2 stores.
In Bhopal, India, there are 1 stores.
In Ashdod, Israel, there are 6 stores.
In Brockton, United States, there are 1 stores.
In Balurghat, India, there are 2 stores.
In Charlotte Amalie, Virgin Islands, U.S., there are 1 stores.
In Bislig, Philippines, there are 1 stores.
In Cavite, Philippines, there are 2 stores.
In Bellevue, United States, there are 2 stores.
In Balaiha, Russian Federation, there are 2 stores.
In Acua, Mexico, there are 1 stores.
In Ashgabat, Turkmenistan, there are 2 stores.
In Baybay, Philippines, there are 4 stores.
In Binzhou, China, there are 1 stores.
In Barcelona, Venezuela, there are 2 stores.
In Bhilwara, India, there are 1 stores.
In Cam Ranh, Vietnam, there are 2 stores.
In Clarksville, United States, there are 1 stores.
In Arecibo, Puerto Rico, there are 3 stores.
In Benin City, Nigeria, there are 2 stores.
In Bijapur, India, there are 1 stores.
In Atinsk, Russian Federation, there are 2 stores.
In Changzhou, China, there are 1 stores.
In Almirante Brown, Argentina, there are 2 stores.
In Chisinau, Moldova, there are 1 stores.
In Arlington, United States, there are 1 stores.
In Bratislava, Slovakia, there are 1 stores.
In Caracas, Venezuela, there are 2 stores.
In Bandar Seri Begawan, Brunei, there are 1 stores.
In Bergamo, Italy, there are 1 stores.
In al-Manama, Bahrain, there are 2 stores.
In Akishima, Japan, there are 2 stores.
In Baiyin, China, there are 1 stores.
In Coatzacoalcos, Mexico, there are 1 stores.
In Citt del Vaticano, Holy See (Vatican City State), there are 1 stores.
In Adoni, India, there are 1 stores.
In Ciparay, Indonesia, there are 1 stores.
In Florencia, Colombia, there are 2 stores.
In Effon-Alaiye, Nigeria, there are 1 stores.
In Ibirit, Brazil, there are 3 stores.
In Jakarta, Indonesia, there are 1 stores.
In Goinia, Brazil, there are 1 stores.
In Ife, Nigeria, there are 4 stores.
In Dhule (Dhulia), India, there are 1 stores.
In Haldia, India, there are 1 stores.
In Idfu, Egypt, there are 1 stores.
In Garland, United States, there are 3 stores.
In Hsichuh, Taiwan, there are 2 stores.
In Fukuyama, Japan, there are 2 stores.
In Hiroshima, Japan, there are 2 stores.
In Haining, China, there are 1 stores.
In Kaduna, Nigeria, there are 3 stores.
In Dzerzinsk, Russian Federation, there are 1 stores.
In Jinzhou, China, there are 2 stores.
In Emmen, Netherlands, there are 1 stores.
In Duisburg, Germany, there are 1 stores.
In Dongying, China, there are 4 stores.
In Isesaki, Japan, there are 1 stores.
In Daxian, China, there are 2 stores.
In Daugavpils, Latvia, there are 2 stores.
In Gaziantep, Turkey, there are 3 stores.
In Gandhinagar, India, there are 2 stores.
In Jinchang, China, there are 2 stores.
In Jaffna, Sri Lanka, there are 1 stores.
In Hubli-Dharwad, India, there are 2 stores.
In Jurez, Mexico, there are 3 stores.
In Johannesburg, South Africa, there are 2 stores.
In Donostia-San Sebastin, Spain, there are 1 stores.
In Jamalpur, Bangladesh, there are 1 stores.
In Denizli, Turkey, there are 1 stores.
In Higashiosaka, Japan, there are 2 stores.
In Ilorin, Nigeria, there are 1 stores.
In Gulbarga, India, there are 1 stores.
In Iwaki, Japan, there are 1 stores.
In Deba Habe, Nigeria, there are 2 stores.
In Esfahan, Iran, there are 1 stores.
In Iwatsuki, Japan, there are 1 stores.
In Hohhot, China, there are 2 stores.
In Huixquilucan, Mexico, there are 2 stores.
In El Fuerte, Mexico, there are 1 stores.
In Hunuco, Peru, there are 1 stores.
In Jos Azueta, Mexico, there are 2 stores.
In Etawah, India, there are 1 stores.
In Junan, China, there are 1 stores.
In Ezhou, China, there are 1 stores.
In Dhaka, Bangladesh, there are 3 stores.
In Elista, Russian Federation, there are 1 stores.
In Jastrzebie-Zdrj, Poland, there are 1 stores.
In Gatineau, Canada, there are 1 stores.
In Hami, China, there are 1 stores.
In Gijn, Spain, there are 1 stores.
In Kalisz, Poland, there are 1 stores.
In Guaruj, Brazil, there are 1 stores.
In Ikerre, Nigeria, there are 1 stores.
In Fuyu, China, there are 2 stores.
In Juiz de Fora, Brazil, there are 2 stores.
In Grand Prairie, United States, there are 1 stores.
In Garden Grove, United States, there are 1 stores.
In Greensboro, United States, there are 1 stores.
In Jelets, Russian Federation, there are 1 stores.
In Kakamigahara, Japan, there are 1 stores.
In Inegl, Turkey, there are 1 stores.
In Fengshan, Taiwan, there are 2 stores.
In Hanoi, Vietnam, there are 1 stores.
In Kabul, Afghanistan, there are 1 stores.
In Erlangen, Germany, there are 1 stores.
In Halisahar, India, there are 1 stores.
In Ocumare del Tuy, Venezuela, there are 1 stores.
In Leshan, China, there are 1 stores.
In Manchester, United States, there are 1 stores.
In La Paz, Mexico, there are 3 stores.
In Owo, Nigeria, there are 2 stores.
In Niznekamsk, Russian Federation, there are 1 stores.
In Mandaluyong, Philippines, there are 3 stores.
In Luzinia, Brazil, there are 2 stores.
In Monywa, Myanmar, there are 1 stores.
In Mannheim, Germany, there are 3 stores.
In Namibe, Angola, there are 3 stores.
In Nabereznyje Telny, Russian Federation, there are 2 stores.
In Kolpino, Russian Federation, there are 1 stores.
In Korolev, Russian Federation, there are 2 stores.
In Matamoros, Mexico, there are 1 stores.
In Mandi Bahauddin, Pakistan, there are 1 stores.
In Miyakonojo, Japan, there are 1 stores.
In Omdurman, Sudan, there are 1 stores.
In Laohekou, China, there are 1 stores.
In Munger (Monghyr), India, there are 1 stores.
In Kilis, Turkey, there are 1 stores.
In Nagaon, India, there are 2 stores.
In Kirovo-Tepetsk, Russian Federation, there are 1 stores.
In Kimchon, South Korea, there are 1 stores.
In London, Canada, there are 2 stores.
In Novoterkassk, Russian Federation, there are 1 stores.
In La Romana, Dominican Republic, there are 4 stores.
In Oshawa, Canada, there are 1 stores.
In ostka, Ukraine, there are 2 stores.
In Malm, Sweden, there are 2 stores.
In Najafabad, Iran, there are 2 stores.
In Nanyang, China, there are 4 stores.
In Oulu, Finland, there are 2 stores.
In Kanazawa, Japan, there are 1 stores.
In Katihar, India, there are 1 stores.
In Livorno, Italy, there are 1 stores.
In Mwene-Ditu, Congo, The Democratic Republic of the, there are 1 stores.
In Lhokseumawe, Indonesia, there are 1 stores.
In Le Mans, France, there are 1 stores.
In Koriyama, Japan, there are 2 stores.
In Liepaja, Latvia, there are 1 stores.
In Nakhon Sawan, Thailand, there are 2 stores.
In Mosul, Iraq, there are 1 stores.
In Kurashiki, Japan, there are 2 stores.
In Kuwana, Japan, there are 1 stores.
In Ondo, Nigeria, there are 1 stores.
In Mahajanga, Madagascar, there are 2 stores.
In Okara, Pakistan, there are 1 stores.
In Kamjanets-Podilskyi, Ukraine, there are 1 stores.
In Kragujevac, Yugoslavia, there are 2 stores.
In Linz, Austria, there are 1 stores.
In Merlo, Argentina, there are 1 stores.
In Molodetno, Belarus, there are 1 stores.
In Kuching, Malaysia, there are 2 stores.
In Laiwu, China, there are 1 stores.
In Laredo, United States, there are 1 stores.
In Mysore, India, there are 2 stores.
In Meixian, China, there are 1 stores.
In Kursk, Russian Federation, there are 2 stores.
In Nezahualcyotl, Mexico, there are 1 stores.
In Miraj, India, there are 1 stores.
In Lima, Peru, there are 1 stores.
In NDjamna, Chad, there are 1 stores.
In Kitwe, Zambia, there are 1 stores.
In Nantou, Taiwan, there are 1 stores.
In Okinawa, Japan, there are 1 stores.
In La Plata, Argentina, there are 1 stores.
In Kansas City, United States, there are 1 stores.
In Nuuk, Greenland, there are 1 stores.
In Maring, Brazil, there are 1 stores.
In Lubumbashi, Congo, The Democratic Republic of the, there are 2 stores.
In Nam Dinh, Vietnam, there are 1 stores.
In Maracabo, Venezuela, there are 1 stores.
In Loja, Ecuador, there are 1 stores.
In Sumqayit, Azerbaijan, there are 1 stores.
In Pyongyang, North Korea, there are 1 stores.
In Santiago de Compostela, Spain, there are 2 stores.
In Rustenburg, South Africa, there are 1 stores.
In Sultanbeyli, Turkey, there are 3 stores.
In Sullana, Peru, there are 1 stores.
In Shanwei, China, there are 1 stores.
In Sasebo, Japan, there are 2 stores.
In Sawhaj, Egypt, there are 2 stores.
In So Leopoldo, Brazil, there are 1 stores.
In Phnom Penh, Cambodia, there are 1 stores.
In Rajkot, India, there are 2 stores.
In Pudukkottai, India, there are 1 stores.
In Smolensk, Russian Federation, there are 1 stores.
In Papeete, French Polynesia, there are 3 stores.
In Ozamis, Philippines, there are 2 stores.
In Southampton, United Kingdom, there are 2 stores.
In Sumy, Ukraine, there are 3 stores.
In Rizhao, China, there are 3 stores.
In Stara Zagora, Bulgaria, there are 2 stores.
In Santo Andr, Brazil, there are 2 stores.
In San Lorenzo, Paraguay, there are 1 stores.
In Pjatigorsk, Russian Federation, there are 1 stores.
In Tambaram, India, there are 1 stores.
In Patiala, India, there are 1 stores.
In Shaoguan, China, there are 3 stores.
In Syrakusa, Italy, there are 1 stores.
In Sharja, United Arab Emirates, there are 1 stores.
In Quilmes, Argentina, there are 2 stores.
In Robamba, Ecuador, there are 3 stores.
In Saarbrcken, Germany, there are 1 stores.
In Sousse, Tunisia, there are 1 stores.
In Rio Claro, Brazil, there are 1 stores.
In Suihua, China, there are 2 stores.
In Siliguri (Shiliguri), India, there are 1 stores.
In Sincelejo, Colombia, there are 1 stores.
In Palghat (Palakkad), India, there are 3 stores.
In Taguig, Philippines, there are 1 stores.
In Sivas, Turkey, there are 1 stores.
In Southport, United Kingdom, there are 2 stores.
In Shubra al-Khayma, Egypt, there are 1 stores.
In Sokoto, Nigeria, there are 1 stores.
In Portoviejo, Ecuador, there are 1 stores.
In Richmond Hill, Canada, there are 2 stores.
In Stockport, United Kingdom, there are 2 stores.
In Surakarta, Indonesia, there are 1 stores.
In Po, Brazil, there are 1 stores.
In Tallahassee, United States, there are 1 stores.
In Sungai Petani, Malaysia, there are 1 stores.
In Shikarpur, Pakistan, there are 1 stores.
In Sal, Morocco, there are 1 stores.
In Santa F, Argentina, there are 2 stores.
In Shahr-e Kord, Iran, there are 2 stores.
In Tabora, Tanzania, there are 1 stores.
In Pangkal Pinang, Indonesia, there are 1 stores.
In Shimonoseki, Japan, there are 1 stores.
In Rancagua, Chile, there are 2 stores.
In Qinhuangdao, China, there are 2 stores.
In Pontianak, Indonesia, there are 1 stores.
In Pachuca de Soto, Mexico, there are 2 stores.
In Tabuk, Saudi Arabia, there are 1 stores.
In San Bernardino, United States, there are 1 stores.
In Sorocaba, Brazil, there are 1 stores.
In Salamanca, Mexico, there are 1 stores.
In Pavlodar, Kazakstan, there are 1 stores.
In Tandil, Argentina, there are 1 stores.
In Rockford, United States, there are 1 stores.
In San Felipe del Progreso, Mexico, there are 1 stores.
In Salzburg, Austria, there are 1 stores.
In Parbhani, India, there are 1 stores.
In Saint Louis, United States, there are 1 stores.
In Peoria, United States, there are 1 stores.
In Purnea (Purnia), India, there are 1 stores.
In Roanoke, United States, there are 1 stores.
In Sanaa, Yemen, there are 1 stores.
In Touliu, Taiwan, there are 2 stores.
In Xiangtan, China, there are 2 stores.
In Vinh, Vietnam, there are 2 stores.
In Vicente Lpez, Argentina, there are 1 stores.
In Tsuyama, Japan, there are 1 stores.
In Usak, Turkey, there are 1 stores.
In Vancouver, Canada, there are 1 stores.
In Toulon, France, there are 1 stores.
In Xintai, China, there are 1 stores.
In Tartu, Estonia, there are 2 stores.
In Yamuna Nagar, India, there are 1 stores.
In Tegal, Indonesia, there are 1 stores.
In Witten, Germany, there are 1 stores.
In Uijongbu, South Korea, there are 1 stores.
In Woodridge, Australia, there are 1 stores.
In Xiangfan, China, there are 1 stores.
In Tete, Mozambique, there are 2 stores.
In Tongliao, China, there are 1 stores.
In Tiefa, China, there are 2 stores.
In Udine, Italy, there are 1 stores.
In Vila Velha, Brazil, there are 1 stores.
In Warren, United States, there are 1 stores.
In Wroclaw, Poland, there are 1 stores.
In Zaoyang, China, there are 1 stores.
In Tokat, Turkey, there are 1 stores.
In Torren, Mexico, there are 1 stores.
In Zhezqazghan, Kazakstan, there are 1 stores.
In Urawa, Japan, there are 1 stores.
In Yuncheng, China, there are 1 stores.
In Zalantun, China, there are 1 stores.
